Moving class instantiations outside their definition files (#5012)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

*** Changelog ***

= 10.5.0 - xxxx-xx-xx =

> * Update - Moving class instantiations outside their definition files

Reviewer: Nit: I think it would be worth clarifying where we are moving them to.
```suggestion
* Update - Move class instantiations from their definition files to the plugin initialization code
```
